we are here with one of the great players in the history of the Portuguese
evair the prince she speaks a little bit of this project in the fifa agent project
explained that the weight we are watching how this project is bahia
What is this project?
is a project to reduce many boys who do not have entrepreneurs
and many branches are trying to continue
in that profession that is a football player
so we're going to launch this project so they have more opportunities
the bid
normally
who's going to have these boys will have fifa agent
the fifa agents
the vacancy having contacts they will have a non contact sites that will leave
understood and they can search
and get in touch with what we intend to start soon.
in this work
so there is a great chance at being a fifa agent
with these kids play abroad 'this idea
one hour that idea because it's impossible I have today there is a friend
the so-called tom zé who was the first fifa agent
in the world he the Canadian
You'll know that chile is in Brazil.
and he has many get into dubai understood
So we're picking up these team agents to help these kids.
and even people who will have the cigar to put themselves aside
who will be watching this together with you will see what these are
members
the psd that is going to take a look with affection in the room paced
fail
I'm going to choose people to avoid netting
I will choose
a football player
who usually have more notion there and those parents who is also the following
on the floor can even help us
but I would not have read it later.
the alexa foot itself
so we're going to take a very good ride today said to have a high level
I'll look for some other huge players that are
Paulo
how can we really make a list of kids I have
conditions to leave
to some club here in Brazil or even in sterile
even taking a message to these kids who are not watching us
in the dessert this chance and will have your time for sure in Egypt we will
does she want to say she said she existed this treatment and today is going
until today, at the start of the day, our time really did not exist
we want an agreement to ruin
soon many players who are held in football today
rock these people just in this game
gibbs
to lead them to a better life
understood now I wanted these boys alves
that the people who are in this project are serious people
they are people I respect
and what we're going to do is good the best father you two have a way
in your two-year career
we believe that this live project will be the best in Brazil or better than
the country's
thank you
I'll fight on the other opportunities.
May we be here because we're going to help
friend
what the boys already start looking for on the sites
In Brazil, what do they really want to do?
soon
deny the ivair the principle therefore within these sites you get to know
more details
about this new project of ivaí in the prince great player of the Portuguese
you know everything here needs this great project agent
fifa
Olavo if connected on the internet let your big time this is your big and the
mouse
you participate in the tournament
Those people
the fifa that the hospital gives you little what it is
this time the team
You were playing ball.
none of the tournaments of some fifa agents
will be watching your football
it's not wonderful
sect playing ball
the staff is always watching you know what you play that you do not play
staff can hire there
some of the places
everybody did there all over the world
You can play in the Middle East.
nowadays i am very new of weight playing in dubai
you can be one of these players
but the great moment
you have a great chance and I was able to participate in this fifa agent tournament
and fifa agents will be watching
in your football you have to be at the forefront of this project
is the only airport and follows as one of the great players
of history
my brazilian soccer
so stay connected to the site with access to sites that is a look
as much as it was a commotion hours as is the regulation
the third of this participation after the grandson
and you'll stay connected here even though you're tired of it all
because much more everything that rolls from the tournament but before people